---
layout: post
title: First week of Fall 2015! (And the first real blog post ever)
---
Hello, longhorn who is interested in taking Downing's class. 

Hello, stalkers.

SO. Today is Friday (finally!). I now shall share my experience in the first week with CS371p Object-Oriented Programming with Downing.

What is this class about? What is the class like? What is the atmosphere going to be? Who is Downing? What is he like as an instructor? These are all the questions I had before I walked into the classroom on Wednesday, Aug 26th, and now I already have the answers to some of them.

Even though I have only been to this class twice, I already have quite some impressions. The class is very intense, perhaps intimidating for some. Dr. Downing would randomly call out someone in the class and start "questioning" the "unfortunate" student about the code on the screen. Some of them might be trivial for some, but not everyone can think clearly under that circumstance. I haven't been called on yet, but I do know that I wouldn't be able to answer most of the questions "correctly," i.e. the way I want it. However, it does grab students' attention and no one would dare to fall asleep in that class (given that no one had too much drink the night before). There are more benefits for this format too. Most job interviews are probably like this more or less. In fact, I strongly believe that no job interview would be much of a challenge if I can survive this course. What I really want to know is what I would be like when I get out of this class, and frankly, I can't wait to meet that future me. I guess what I can do now is to work harder and pray that I'll have enough time to play Halo 5 when it comes out.

Should you take this class? Well, it's up to you to decide. If you are a shy person who is afraid of public speaking and cannot stand the pressure of the constant questioning, this may not be for you. However, if you ever want to be a different person - a leader, perhaps - this could be the class that you must take to achieve your dream, whatever that is.

Who am I? I'm a human, and that's all you need to know, for now.



We'll meet again.

Tip of the Week: 

Make sure your hardware is fast enough to do things from programming to figuring out how to blog post. It will save you a ton of frustration. If you just ordered a new computer, it might also be a good thing to make sure that it can arrive before you need it, e.g. school. I learned my lesson the hard way so you don't have to.
