---
layout: post
title: Week 3 - First Guest Speaker
---

This week, Chris Martin, a UTCS alumni who now works at Bloomberg came and talked to the class. He gave us a spiel about the New York based software company and proceeded to tell us what he looks for in a candidate as the lead recruiter of Texas. I like guest speakers because they provide valuable insight from the industry perspective. As students, we are given advice from people who currently hold meaningful positions that we aspire to reach. The two main points I took away from the talk both pertain to resumes. One: Put a Github link on your resume so recruiters can look at your source code. Two: Make a portfolio if you do web dev to show off your sites and projects.

Our first pair programming assignment is coming up and I'm excited. Professor Downing has strongly encouraged doing the second project in pair (the other option is to do it alone) because working in a team is something that WILL happen once you find a job. I like that he has a rule that does not allow you to stay with the same partner twice, forcing you to choose 4 different partners and forcing you to work with different people and adapt to different coding and working styles.

Our first project was due this past Wednesday and I spent 2pm-7pm on Tuesday trying to implement a simple cache. The most unsatisfying feeling in the world to me is to spend hours on code and make little to no progress. This is exactly what happened but luckily Thanh, one of the TAs, helped me out and saw that my cache stored the next value in the Collatz sequence rather than the cycle length of that value. 

Tip of the Week

Do your projects early so you have time to ask TAs or the professor for help!!

