---
layout: post
title: First week of Fall 2015! (And the first real blog post ever)
---
Hello, longhorn who is interested in taking Downing's class. 

Coming into the course, I've heard and seen many compliments on Professor Downing's teaching style and content. The way he spoke in the first day of class clearly showed his goal of pushing the students to an industry ready level of competence. After giving his spiel of what we will learn and why it's relevant, we methodically went through code as he randomly calls on students. This was a fun memory of what my high school math teacher called the "randomizer", a small program that picks out a student from the pool of names as we all watched anxiously. 

I’m extremely impressed and admire the way Professor Downing effectively communicates his knowledge to us. The industry standards, best practices, and learning to do extensive testing are the three things I hope to get out of the course. The class will definitely be my toughest course this semester and although time consuming, it will be very rewarding. 

Learning about C++ seems fairly easy because OO languages almost seamlessly translate to learning another OO language but as we go through class, I see all of the intricacies that C++ has that Java may not and vice versa. I’m curious to see how important these intricacies become not only on tests, but in practical application as well. 

Tip of the Week
My tip of the week is to not be intimidated by the vast talent in the course and engage with Professor Downing if called on. I truly respect the way he patiently waits and calmly asks students questions without giving an heir of patronization.
