---
layout: post
title: OOP Week 11 - Long Project 
---

This week was tough for me because our Darwin project took longer than expected. My partner and I turned it in late but hopefully we still receive a high grade with the opportunity to earn extra points with a good "best" creature implementation and points we earned for working with each other. I heeded my own advice and started early but my partner and I didn't have coinciding free times lasts weekend so that put us behind the 8 ball. We tried to take a jump shot but unfortunately, it didn't work.

In class we went over how to efficiently implement the 4 free methods in the vector class. We talked about how we can swap pointers with the other vector if it is a copy, but not if it is a reference. We also talked about why copying pointers in the assignment method is problematic. The reason is basically centered around the default assignment method not doing a deep copy of the elements and rather simply placing pointers to the other vector. This is bad if the other vector becomes destroyed. 

On Friday, we talked about how classes and structs are different and the main thing is that fields inside of classes are private by default and inside of structs, fields are public by default.

Tip of the Week

Take interviews as an opportunity to see what companies have to offer. I went into one of my interviews this semester and I was thorougly surprised at how friendly and great the company culture was. I thought about turning down the interview but I would have lost the opportunity to see what the company was really like.
