---
layout: post
title: SWE Week 12 - Websites are Hard Work
---

<p align="center"> What did you do this past week? </p>
This past week, my teammates and I put in an extraodinary amount of time on the 2nd phase of our IDB project. We spent our efforts cleaning up our front end, creating links between mdoels, and getting the site running on the cloud. Using Rackspace's Carina product is difficult and at frustrating at times. Despite the process being extremely unpleasant at times, I kept my frustration in check because I know there will be times in the future when I have to use technologies or systems that I don't know well or products that I may not believe provide good documentation. After devoting a lot of time solely on pushing our site to production, we finally finished.

<p align="center"> What's in your way? </p>
There is nothing in the way this week. I just have to push through a few more weeks for summer!

<p align="center"> What will you do next week? </p>
This week, I will work on Project 5, the third phase of our IDB project. I will clean up the front end further and make our grids load faster than they currently do. I'm looking forward to refining our product now that we have implemented all of the necessary aspects.

<p align="center"> Tip of the Week </p>
Keep your annoyance/anger in check when doing hard things. Your emotions define your mindset and if your optimistic, hacking at a hard problem is much more bearable. If you're working in a team environment, you staying level headed helps your teammates do the same. Positive vibes do wonders!
