---
layout: post
title: SWE Week 8 - P3 and Spring Break!
---

<p align="center"> What did you do this past week? </p>
This past week, I worked on my group's Project 3 website. We decided on a game database that has video games, companies, and people as our main pillars of content. I enjoy web development and enhancing and furthering my knowledge in the subject. Knowing I would get to work on a project like this was a major reason why I chose to take the course. In class, we learned about Python's caching of certain immutable entities such as small ints and tuples. We also dove into relational algebra and databases.

<p align="center"> What's in your way? </p>
The only thing in my way is my ethics group project. I will have to find time for both that and the SWE project for the rest of the semester. The SWE schedule this week doesn't look busy but the P4 specs will be given out and my partners and I will work on P4.

<p align="center"> What will you do next week? </p>
This week, I need to help clean up some of our front end because our site does not scale as well as we would like in terms of mobile viewing. We will display more information on the site and create a great, dynamic, user experience. I will also keep up with the material so I can do well on the quizzes. 

<p align="center"> Tip of the Week </p>
When learning new technologies, stay patient, diligent, and persistent. Fortunately, I learned many of the technologies that we are using in our site at my previous internship. However, during that time, it was difficult for me to learn my front end technologies of CSS, Javascript, and Angular. It will definitely be hard if you haven't used these technologies before but stay at it because the difficulty makes it even more worthwhile.
