---
layout: post
title: SWE Week 4 - Guest Speaker
---

<p align="center"> What did you do this past week? </p>
This past week, we had our first guest speaker from Main Street Hub. He talked about a media management system for local businesses. He introduced his company, tools they used, and talked about recruiting. Sprint, also known as agile, is one of the methodologies MSH uses and it begins everyday with a standup and a log is used to keep track of functionalities that are previously and currently being added. I liked that he also talked about recruiting tips with side projects, open source contributions, and Github to showcase your work.

<p align="center"> What's in your way? </p>
This week, P2 is due Thursday but my partner and I are having trouble getting the root mean squared value RSME down below 1.0. It is currently at 1.01 and we are figuring out how to utilize the standard deviation and variance caches that people have posted. We aren't as far as we like because last week I had a case competition that ended just this Saturday. I also have a Networks test on Wednesday so I will have to be on top of my schedule this week.

<p align="center"> What will you do next week? </p>
Next week, I will work on the Netflix project, figure out how to get our RSME values below 1.0 for credit, and continue to keep up to date on the Google doc and readings to perform well on the quizzes.

<p align="center"> Tip of the Week </p>
Listen to the guest speakers that come to class because they offer real worldy knowledge and even a possible recruiting experience!
